# A1: Online Shop

The purpose of this project is to develop a web application for an online tech store. In order to have a great product diversity, the store sells multiple tech brands and product types, such as smartphones, laptops, and tablets. 

The evolution of technology is inevitable and has been growing exponentially. In addition, people seek devices to aid them in their everyday life, molding complex tasks into simple ones. It would be useful to have an application that grants users an easy method to purchase products with the tech specs they desire.

The platform will have an adaptive design and a detailed navigation system by arranging the products through categories. Besides general information and some pictures, each product will have tags that will allow the user to quickly find what he needs through the search bar. In order to provide a reliable service, each product will also have a review section, which will allow users to not only review the items they purchased but also to view other people's opinions. Each review will include a score and a short description, which will result in the product to have an average score. Besides, users will have the ability to keep lists of favorite products and view the history of all previous purchases. Regarding the payment method, once the user purchases its cart, it will be paid on delivery.

Users will be distributed in three groups with different permissions: administrators, unauthenticated and authenticated users. An administrator will have all the privileges of access and modification, such as update available products and delete offensive reviews, however, this user won't be allowed to purchase or review any item. In addition, the administrator will manage each purchase's state, picking one of the following: processing, shipped and delivered. An unauthenticated user will only be able to navigate through the website, seeing nearly all the content like products, reviews, and pages, without being able of making purchases. Finally, an authenticated user will have privileges not only to make purchases and review items but also to assemble lists and manage their personal information. 
 
***

## Revision history
 
Changes made to the first submission:  
1. Determined payment method, modified user's names, added privileges to administrator and score to reviews/products.
 
***
 
GROUP1761, 20/02/2018
 
* Bárbara Sofia Lopez de Carvalho Ferreira da Silva, up201505628@fe.up.pt
* Carlos Miguel da Silva de Freitas, up201504749@fe.up.pt
* Julieta Pintado Jorge Frade, up201506530@fe.up.pt
* Luís Noites Martins, up201503344@fe.up.pt
