# A1: Online Shop
 
> goals, business context and environment
> motivation
> main features
> user profiles
 
***
The purpose of this project is to develop a web application for an online tech store. In order to have a great product diversity, the store sells multiple tech brands and product types, such as smartphones, laptops, and tablets.

The evolution of technology is inevitable and has been growing exponentially. In addition, people seek devices to aid them in their daily life, molding complex tasks into simple ones. We think it would be useful to have an application that grants users an easy method to purchase products with the tech specs they desire.

The platform will have an adaptive design and a detailed navigation system through arranging the products by categories. In order to provide a reliable service, each product has a review section, which allows users to not only review the items they purchased but also to be view other people's opinions. Besides, users have the ability to keep lists of favorite products and view the history of all previous purchases.

Users are distributed in groups with different permissions. There must be administration usage profiles, with all the privileges of access and modification. There also must be registered users usage profiles, with privileges to enter information, purchases, and returns of individual items, consult the information, register reviews for the products and evaluate them. Finally, there will be visitors, this type of user is only allowed to purchase items.

 
## Revision history
 
Changes made to the first submission:
1. Item 1
1. Item 2
 
***
 
GROUP17xx, xx/xx/2018